Update set-smbshare.md (#1239)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/smbshare/set-smbshare.md

Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```
### -LeasingMode

> Allow admins to stop leases & oplocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow admins to stop leases and oplocks.
```

- Full = default SMB3
- Shared = grant read-caching lease but not write or handle-caching
- None = no oplocks or leases, like modified SMB1/3

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Disabling Oplocks is not recommended by Microsoft and should never be used, but required by some older software, often due to using legacy database technology. Oplock disable is only a workaround - and your vendor should update to not require it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Disabling oplocks is not recommended by Microsoft and should never be done, but is required by some older software, often due to using legacy database technology. Disabling oplocks is only a workaround - and your vendor should provide an update so that it is not required. 
```

Reviewer 2: I would use "...but may be required in some scenarios, often due to..." I would remove the term "older software" imho

Reviewer 3: I'd go as far as "We do not recommend disabling oplocks." and leave it at that.

Author: Changes made as suggested, feel free to let me know of any changes needed.

> For more information, see [SMB1 Product Clearinghouse](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Storage-at-Microsoft/SMB1-Product-Clearinghouse/ba-p/426008) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [SMB1 Product Clearinghouse](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Storage-at-Microsoft/SMB1-Product-Clearinghouse/ba-p/426008).
```
